Answers.md, before:

#### What is the difference between an adaptive website and a fully responsive website?

With an adaptive website there are several different layouts targeted towards different devices such as a mobile layout or a tablet layout and then a desktop layout. With a fully responsive website you'll see a layout that adjusts to work best for the device it's displaying on. One way to see a responsive website in action is to adjust the web browser window on a computer making it smaller or larger, if the website adjusts with the size of the browser window the website is responsive.


####Describe what it means to be mobile first vs desktop first.

Mobile first means your focus is to build the core of the website first (those features that are high on the list of a mobile users needs) and progressively work your way up to a desktop version per the specifications. Desktop first means you work on the most complete design overall with every feature and function that's laid out in the design specification and then work your way down to mobile design and/or smaller resolutions.


####What does font-size: 62.5% in the html tag do for us when using rem units?

The default font-size in most browsers is 16px and setting the root element to have a font-size of 62.5% of 16px means if we use rem for our font sizes throughout our designs. An example of this would be 1 rem is equal to 10px, 2 rem is equal to 20px and so on. Essentially this adjustment on the root element allows us to better and more accurately adjust font-sizes as the calculations are made easier.

####How would you describe preprocessing to someone new to CSS?

####What is your favorite concept in preprocessing?

####What is the concept that gives you the most trouble?

Commit message:

Responded for question related to preprocessing.

Answers.md, after:

#### What is the difference between an adaptive website and a fully responsive website?

With an adaptive website there are several different layouts targeted towards different devices such as a mobile layout or a tablet layout and then a desktop layout. With a fully responsive website you'll see a layout that adjusts to work best for the device it's displaying on. One way to see a responsive website in action is to adjust the web browser window on a computer making it smaller or larger, if the website adjusts with the size of the browser window the website is responsive.


####Describe what it means to be mobile first vs desktop first.

Mobile first means your focus is to build the core of the website first (those features that are high on the list of a mobile users needs) and progressively work your way up to a desktop version per the specifications. Desktop first means you work on the most complete design overall with every feature and function that's laid out in the design specification and then work your way down to mobile design and/or smaller resolutions.


####What does font-size: 62.5% in the html tag do for us when using rem units?

The default font-size in most browsers is 16px and setting the root element to have a font-size of 62.5% of 16px means if we use rem for our font sizes throughout our designs. An example of this would be 1 rem is equal to 10px, 2 rem is equal to 20px and so on. Essentially this adjustment on the root element allows us to better and more accurately adjust font-sizes as the calculations are made easier.

####How would you describe preprocessing to someone new to CSS?

I'd say that it's perfectly fine to not use preprocessing, however if they'd like to make their website easier to maintain, and more manageable (using smaller less files) then they should give it a try. On top of easier to maintain and more manageable preprocessing also allows the person writing it to follow the similar nested structure of the html where the content is displayed, which can also help when working on large projects to have a similar nested structure for content and styles.

####What is your favorite concept in preprocessing?

####What is the concept that gives you the most trouble?
