1. WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AN ADAPATIVE WEBSITE AND A FULLY RESPONSIVE WEBSITE?
Adaptive websites possess a number of breakpoints which will trigger their rearrangements
upon the viewport hitting specific sizes- the layout will not change until the next
breakpoint is reached. Responsive, on the other hand, will scale along with the window
resizing, scaling it's contents with measurement in percentages and not fixed pixel values.
While both have the ability to rearrange their content depending on the size of the viewport,
responsive design is much more flexable with the type of device it's viewed with, owing to
the magic of percentage-based sizing.

2. DESCRIBE WHAT IT MEANS TO BE MOBILE FIRST V DESKTOP FIRST
Mobile first is a website that is intended to be viewed primarily on a mobile device and 
employs the min-width property with media queries to adjust the page when it's on a larger
device, like a desktop computer. Desktop first is the opposite, in that the page is rendered
for a desktop display and is dressed with media queries employing the max-width property
to adjust the content to adapt to a smaller display, i.e. a mobile device. 

3. WHAT DOES FONT SIZE 62.5% IN THE HTML TAG DO FOR US WHEN USING REM UNITS?
We may take for granted that the default font size is set to the standard 16px when creating
content on the web, but this could prove to be a mistake and the size could be adjusted manually
for users with sight issues. The result of this and employing REM units for something like
font sizes is that the sizes will be completely unexpected since they scale relatively to the
base font-size. Using a percentage value solves this problem by taking the relative size from
the default size- in this case, 62.5 percent of 16 is 10- thus providing us with the relative 
unit that we need to scale properly.

4. HOW WOULD YOU DESCRIBE PREPROCESSING TO SOMEONE NEW TO CSS?
Preprocessors such as Less and Sass are very powerful tools that allow us to do things like nest
CSS code, use variables just like you would in Javascript to store values and set aside repetative
actions, break up our styling into seperate files- partials- and allocate chunks of code into mixins, 
to call in when needed like you would a variable. One very important thing to know, however, is that 
while the syntax can be slightly different, you are *still* writing the majority of you code in 
traditional CSS- the preprocessor code is compiled and pressed all into an outputted CSS file, that is 
to say you are not linking to a Less or Sass file in your HTML, rather you are still pointing to a CSS 
file, one that is compiled and generated by the preprocessor.

5. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CONCEPT IN PREPROCESSING? WHAT IS THE CONCEPT THAT GIVES YOU THE MOST TROUBLE?
The ability to nest code is imperative when writing complex media queries, therefore having the ability
to keep your stylings all wrapped together in the same place, with flow-chart-like logic with how to
behave under certain conditions. It allows me to be a lot more efficient with my styles and keeps me 
from having to scroll up and down hundreds of times to reference something else. The concept which
sometimes works against me would probably be the writing of mixins, just because I don't always realize
what I could be DRYing up until I'm done and comb over or refactor. Mixins are very powerful and absolutely
useful, though I just don't find myself reaching for them right away.
